docs: add missing steps to enable `medusa_v2` flag (#6406)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/docs/content/experimental/index.md

:::danger[Production Warning]

> All features guarded by the `medusa_v2` flag are not ready for production and will cause unexpected issues in your production server. This also leads to disabling the core Store and Admin API Routes as migrating them to use `medusa_v2` features is still in progress.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
All features guarded by the `medusa_v2` flag are not ready for production and will cause unexpected issues in your production server. Additionally, the core Store and Admin API routes are not registered if the flag is enabled – only routes in the `src/api-v2/*` folder.
```
